README.md, before:

# generator

Define a "grammar" (disclaimer: I know absolutely nothing about linguistics) using Clojure maps, generate some words from it.

## Usage

```bash
lein run [loop | recur | nostack]
#'recur' and 'nostack' are likely to be phased out soon
```

```clojure
(def example {:main [:greeting  " " :second-phrase]
                ;":main" defines the entry point of the parser
                ;keywords currently map to vectors or lists
                :greeting [:greeting-word :middle :world]
                    ;vectors define a sequence of successive strings
                    :greeting-word (list "Hello" "Goodbye")
                    ;a single word is randomly chosen from a list
                    :middle (list " " ", ")
                    :world [ :word :punc ]
                        :word (list "World" "Mother" "Brother" "earthlings")
                        :punc (list "!" "." "?")
                :second-phrase [:emotion " to meet you, " :end-phrase :punc]
                    ;strings are ignored until every keyword is evaulated to a string
                    :emotion (list "Pleased" "Inconvenienced" "Aroused")
                    :end-phrase (list "hope you guess my name"
                                      "I need to go sleep now")
                        })


```
Some Examples of the above output:
*"Goodbye, Brother? Inconvenienced to meet you, I need to go sleep now."
*"Goodbye, World! Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name!"
*"Hello, World. Aroused to meet you, I need to go sleep now!"

## Todo

### Short-term plans:
* Themes: define as a vector with the same rule as :main (except that it will become a sequence of keywords, rather than strings, when evaluated)
* Embed maps in :main to have them be evalauted according to pre-defined theme keywords.

### Long-term plans:
* An easy an efficient way to maintain multiple grammars (may be part of CNN headline generator project)


## License

Copyright © 2013 Michael Marsh

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

Commit message:

Almost done with example "letter" template

README.md, after:

# generator

Define a "grammar" (disclaimer: I know absolutely nothing about linguistics) using Clojure maps, generate some words from it.

## Usage

```bash
#gives output based on example below
lein run
```

```clojure
(def example {:main [:greeting  " " :second-phrase]
                ;":main" defines the entry point of the parser
                ;keywords currently map to vectors or lists
                :greeting [:greeting-word :middle :world]
                    ;vectors define a sequence of successive strings
                    :greeting-word (list "Hello" "Goodbye")
                    ;a single word is randomly chosen from a list
                    :middle (list " " ", ")
                    :world [ :word :punc ]
                        :word (list "World" "Mother" "Brother" "earthlings")
                        :punc (list "!" "." "?")
                :second-phrase [:emotion " to meet you, " :end-phrase :punc]
                    ;strings are ignored until every keyword is evaulated to a string
                    :emotion (list "Pleased" "Inconvenienced" "Aroused")
                    :end-phrase (list "hope you guess my name"
                                      "I need to go sleep now")
                        })


```
Some Examples of the above output:
*"Goodbye, Brother? Inconvenienced to meet you, I need to go sleep now."
*"Goodbye, World! Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name!"
*"Hello, World. Aroused to meet you, I need to go sleep now!"

## Todo

### Short-term plans:
* An easy an efficient way to maintain multiple grammars (may be part of CNN headline generator project)

### Long-term plans:
* Implement CNN headline generator!


## License

Copyright © 2013 Michael Marsh

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.
